Rework Bonsai on Ethereum docs (#1217)
risc0/risc0: website/api/bonsai/bonsai-on-eth.md

_Warning: Bonsai is still in early development. Do not use in production._

Bonsai can produce [SNARK proofs]; allowing efficient verification of any computation, on Ethereum.

There are two main ways to integrate your RISC Zero application with Ethereum:

- Using the [Bonsai Relay](#bonsai-relay) to process proof requests and send verified results on-chain.
- Using the Bonsai proving service and the [verifier contract](#verifier-contract) directly.

[SNARK proofs]: https://www.risczero.com/news/on-chain-verification

## Bonsai Relay

> The Bonsai Relay is a service makes it simpler to integrate RISC Zero into your applications, leveraging the [zk coprocessor] model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bonsai Relay is a service that makes it simpler to integrate RISC Zero into your applications, leveraging the [zk coprocessor] model.
```

At a high level, here's how it works:

![Bonsai ETH Relay overview](/img/bonsai_ethereum.png)

1. Your application sends a request to run your zkVM guest to the Bonsai Relay. You can either:

>     - Send your request on-chain, by calling `requestCallback` on the [`BonsaiRelay` contract].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Send your request [on-chain](#on-chain-requests), by calling `requestCallback` on the [`BonsaiRelay` contract].
```

>     - Send your request off-chain, by sending a request to the Bonsai Relay REST API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Send your request [off-chain](#off-chain-requests), by sending a request to the Bonsai Relay REST API.
```

[`IRiscZeroVerifier` contract]: https://github.com/risc0/risc0/blob/main/bonsai/ethereum/contracts/IRiscZeroVerifier.sol
[guest program]: /terminology#guest-program
[receipt]: /terminology#receipt
[zk coprocessor]: https://twitter.com/RiscZero/status/1677316664772132864

### Getting Started

The [Bonsai Foundry Template] provides a template and instructions for developing your application with the Bonsai Relay.
More details are provided below on how to send requests to the Bonsai Relay.

[Bonsai Foundry Template]: https://github.com/risc0/bonsai-foundry-template

#### Running the Bonsai Relay

With Bonsai in alpha, every application currently needs to run their own deployment of the Bonsai Relay.
Instructions are included in the [Bonsai Foundry Template].
This involves running a service binary provided by RISC Zero, and deploying the [`BonsaiRelay` contract]

### Off-chain Requests

The Bonsai Relay accepts requests off-chain using its [REST] API.

Using the off-chain API allows for including data not available to smart contracts in the EVM, and avoids needing to pay transaction fees on Ethereum to initiate a request.

> When inputs to your [guest program] and large (e.g. more than a few kilobytes) sending requests on-chain can be cost-prohibitive, while sending large inputs (e.g. up to tens of megabytes) via the REST API has no additional cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When inputs to your [guest program] are large (e.g. more than a few kilobytes) sending requests on-chain can be cost-prohibitive, while sending large inputs (e.g. up to tens of megabytes) via the REST API has no additional cost.
```

The [Bonsai Relay SDK] provides a Rust interface for interacting with the Bonsai Relay.
An example for sending a callback request via the REST API can be found in the [relay directory of the Bonsai Foundry Template].

[REST]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/REST
[Bonsai Relay SDK]: https://docs.rs/crate/bonsai-ethereum-relay/latest
[relay directory of the Bonsai Foundry Template]: https://github.com/risc0/bonsai-foundry-template/blob/main/relay/examples/offchain_request.rs

### On-chain Requests

The Bonsai Relay also accepts requests on-chain using the [`BonsaiRelay` contract].

On-chain requests can be useful for reducing the amount of code you need to maintain.
When submitting requests off-chain, some client or indexer needs to be written to assemble the inputs and make the request to the Bonsai Relay.

> With on-chain requests, the application smart contract can directly issue requests, and so no client or indexer needs to be written or maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, with on-chain requests, the application's smart contract can directly issue these requests, eliminating the need to write or maintain any client or indexer.
```

An example of sending a request on-chain can be found in the [starter contract of the Bonsai Foundry Template].

[starter contract of the Bonsai Foundry Template]: https://github.com/risc0/bonsai-foundry-template/blob/main/contracts/BonsaiStarter.sol#L60-L68

## Verifier Contract

RISC Zero supports an on-chain verifier for [Groth16 SNARK] proofs generated by the Bonsai proving service.
You can use this contract in your applications.

As [described above], the Bonsai Relay forwards requests to the Bonsai proving service, and sends proofs on-chain to be verified in the authentication for for the [`BonsaiRelay` contract].

> An alternative to using the Bonsai Relay is to send requests to the Bonsai proving service directly, and to use the verifier contract in your own application contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative to using the Bonsai Relay involves directly sending requests to the Bonsai proving service and incorporating the verifier contract into your own application contract.
```

Author: "incorporating the verifier contract into" does not seem quite right to me because I read that phrasing as a requirement to statically link the verifier into the application contract. Static linking is not a requirement since the application can simply call the verifier contract with an EVM message call.
